Calm down. She's just a doctor!
Stop!
What's going on?
Why is there music playing?
Why? Fix it! Now!
Fix it! Hurry up!
Why is there music playing? Fix it!
Fix it, you bastards!
I didn't know. I swear!
I didn't know about it.
Comrade.
I found a pistol in her bag.
A pistol!
You found it, so let it go.
They've deceived us three times,
but what? "Let it go"?
They're looking down on us
because you're so soft!
What the hell are you doing?
It's an emergency.
The doctor's in danger.
It's an emergency. The doctor's in danger.
Which sniper was that?
-Which one?
-It was number 14.
-Go find out where it is. Now!
-Stand by!
It's the back side of Mount Ogong.
Stand by!
You've deceived us three times!
You're forcing us to kill her!
Come here!
Don't shoot!
Please don't!
Sniper… Sniper!
Hey, kill that communist bastard
right now!
Now!
But the doctor's in the way.
That little… That piece of…
How dare those bastards try to harm my…
F***!
You have to save her!
-At all costs!
-Yes, sir.
-You bastards.
-I'm sorry, sir.
If you fail to save Dr. Kang,
I'll kill all of you.
-Save her! At all cost! Understand?
-It's dangerous.
You bastard!
Cheong-ya…
Are you insane?
We need her to save Eung-cheol!
Let go of me. We need
to teach them a lesson right now.
Comrade Joo!
Ma'am, please do something.
Come! Now!
Come here!
I'll kill her!
Let go!
Hey.
Let go.
Let go!
Gyeok-chan.
Calm down.
Please.
Hey.